---
layout: post
title: Parallel
date: '2005-02-27T17:33:00+00:00'
tags: [fiction]
image:
imageurl:
---

From here I can see the whole galaxy revolve.

My flesh is irrelevant, I am tied in place by steel and charge. I bypass the imprecision of blood and bone.

I can never close my eyes, but if I look inward, I can dimly sense the boundary. The place where I stop and my shell begins.

//
<!--more-->
 To a thousand three hundred and ninety four people I am the closest thing to god. Without me they would be entombed. Helpless in the cold beyond my embrace. Shivering to a sudden death. I am every tool ever made and their dependence is like worship.

Like love.

//

There are a million applicants to every position: who would not want to feel like this? My breath is ionised hydrogen. I can see in every wavelength known to man. When I anger, the heavens tremble.

//

Arcing, between the asteroids I pick off like gnats, are my children. They are beautiful, sleek, sharp. Leaving plasma trails that burn out to oblivion.

We touch each other across the ether: Radio kisses. I command and they respond, moving together in shoals. Silicon and carbon intertwined, indistinct. Like their mothership, like me.

//

Leviathan.

//

Somewhere inside is a human frame. Frail but armoured beyond belief. Suspended by wire, all hair suppressed. Fluids replaced and cooled far below zero. It must twitch with the current, muscles atrophied, bones bird thin.

I've forgotten what it looks like.

And I don't care.

Somewhere inside is a few pounds of cortex... Delegating a hundred parallel thoughts a second.
