---
layout: post
title: Eta Hydri
tags: [fiction, deeandmeghan]
---

When I moved house in 2011 I put all of my things in a car, and then on a boat, and then in a room on a boat, and I sailed all of those things across the sea. Big boats have no baggage restrictions. It's not even expensive if you only want to go one way.
<!--more-->
The first few days were pretty busy. I was very sad, and they gave me a huge bottle of champagne with the room. I spent a lot of time out on the balcony, eating, trying to hold on to everything that I didn't put into the boxes and bags. We were travelling at twenty knots, constantly, relentlessly. Four enormous engines growled away beneath the waves. After about two days I realised how isolated I was out on the ocean, and that I couldn't fight the engines. Or myself. I was the one who had put myself on the boat in the first place. I kind of gave up. I tried to forget about myself completely. It was pretty easy, even with a room full of my whole life. When you're hundreds of miles away from everybody you know and everything but the water and the sky, and half a bottle of champagne, it's pretty easy to forget anything. I let the constant susurrus of the waves push out my thoughts. I let my body become tiny under the stars. Even though the boat was on course, I was drifting.

Another few days went by. I had dinner with the same people, and I got talking to them, and they were nice. After dinner, when it got dark, I would walk around alone on deck. Almost everyone was asleep or five levels down, watching films or dancing. After the first few days at sea it became obvious that if I was out after midnight I wouldn't see another person until dawn. I swam a little. I drank a little more. I spent a lot of time outside in the small hours, listening to the wind and the waves, watching the stars. And at one point, I realised that it would be the easiest thing in the whole world to slip over the side and be gone forever. Not just to be dead, but to have vanished completely. To never be found by anyone. If I really wanted to, I could even tip each and every bag and box over my balcony's rail first, and disappear as if I'd have never been.

I have always been subject to vertigo. The edges of things have always pulled me in. The thought stuck with me. It echoed inside the sound of the ship. I lounged on deck chairs in the afternoon sun and imagined how horrible it would be. How cold, how dark and violent. How I would die through concussion, or drowning, or both. On the inside of my sunglasses I imagined the horror of every second of it, to shake it out, to cure the urge to quietly vault the side. Mid-way across the Atlantic, between North America and Europe, I had inadvertently stumbled a little too close to a metallic cliff. There were no rocks at the bottom, though. There was nothing down there to stop me at all.

By the time a week had gone by the urge had lost its immediacy. It was still in me, but not all around me. I had dinner, I watched a film, and I went up on deck to be alone and face down that drop. I was moving house to see my family again. The whole reason for me to be out in this ocean was to cross it. I went out again on my last night in the Celtic sea. I was no longer alone when I walked the deck, waiting for the pull of the water to tug me close. When it did, like I knew it would, I looked down at the kraken of my death. I looked into its reach, right into its lambent eye, and I nodded to it before going back to my cabin, and to sleep.
