---
layout: post
title: Kindness
tags: [fiction, deeandmeghan]
---

The silhouette of the tower block my grandparents lived in still leans over me. It took three hours to get there, and it was almost always dark when we arrived. The image of it is a monolith, black against black, flat against the night sky, lit only in tiny upright islands. I was little as a child, but I remember that the elevator was small. The walls were metal and pitted into dimples by some unknown and delicate industrial process. If I close my eyes I can still feel them on my finger tips, but I cannot count the floors. I have no way to retrace my steps. The corridors leading to their apartment seemed squat, the colours were all muted greens and ruddy browns from the seventies. You could have replaced all of the dirty bulbs, but the soft walls would have swallowed half of the new light before spitting back the rest.
<!--more-->

Their flat was another story. From the brass figures arranged on the shelves to the glow of ceramic placed gently here and there, the same colours that seemed somehow ill before their door had been converted to different shades by care and polish. Most of the compact flat was my Grandma's, and that change in hue was her work. It seemed as though she could lay a hand on almost anything and make it give out warmth. My Grandfather had claimed the living room, but although one end of it was balcony, the curtains were usually drawn. Even when they were open the room was a cave. It had been isolated from the world, and that’s how I remember him: A small, almost birdlike man, endlessly frowning. He was never unkind to me, but always at a distance. It was him, then his pipe, and then everything else outside of it. It seemed as if he was the only thing in the whole world immune to my Grandma's shine.


I don’t know where my father was throughout my early adolescence, but we hadn’t gone far. We couldn’t afford to keep our home, so we moved to the northern, disparate, end of the village. It was mostly just farmland. There were deep ditches between the fields, choked with nettles. There were stacks of rusted machinery, sparse wind-breaks of mismatched trees, and there was a large and sprawling house. It was too big, run-down, and the result of some strange kind of conjuration that my mother suddenly knew. All I could grasp was that we knew someone, and that maybe they knew someone, and that no-one else was using this place for now, except us. When I dream, the odd angles and wood paneling of that place still unfold around me. It is the focal point of the unlit places in my skull. If you were to crack me open, and dig around, I would not be surprised if you found a scale model of the way I imagine it. It was cold in winter, and hot in summer, and I’m not sure if the monolithic front door ever opened. We would come and go by the kitchen, as if we were house-keepers, and maybe we were. There was a huge garden and a long drive out front, broken barns out back, and two and a half floors. There were owls in the trees, rats in the walls, spiders as big as saucers, and most of that half floor was mine.


My strange dreams came back, or got worse, but by then I was grabbing them with both hands and squeezing them down into less harmful shapes. I went into that house believing in Santa Claus and buried him among the trees. The mourning period was short. It was no big deal. He had never felt that real to me.


My grandmother had always been kind, above and beyond almost anything else. That was the mythology that held meaning for me. She used nonsense as a cover for her generosity. She would say “If you look after the pennies, the pounds will look after themselves”. Then she would carefully place all of her pennies in a jar, and give the jar to me. We would sit at her dining room table, a small thing wedged in between the kitchen and the bathroom, and at Christmas I would sort those pennies and get to keep them.


I remember our own enormous dinner table, in a room all by itself and mostly unused. I remember my mother sat there, surrounded by boxes and papers, weeping. A few days later the death caught up to me. I was sat on the floor at school when I started crying. The sobbing was so violent that I remember the other children moving away from me as if it was something they could catch.


My grandmother’s heart gave out in her sleep. Like her, it was quick, and graceful. No-one saw her go. When we finally moved out of the run-down house on Dog Drove, we were the same.
