---
layout: post
title: Ashes
date: '2013-05-28T04:24:18+00:00'
tags: [fiction]
---

Twelve years ago the fires began. We’ve tried everything you can imagine, but they are still burning. The smell gets everywhere, but when you get used to it, you can pick out hundreds of subtle things. You can pick out sandalwood, paper, tar, iron, marble. You can pick out fourty years ago, and a hundred. We move further and further out from the slow burn. Close enough to keep the heat, but not so close that we become further fuel: Things our sons and daughters would be able to pick out on the wind.
<!--more-->

A body fell from heaven somewhere in the middle of the city. Whether it was punishment or reward, or just stray debris, has been forgotten, or kept secret, or erased. Now we are all its unwilling acolytes. We are keepers of a holy flame. We could always leave, but it seems strangely better to move an inch every day, a building every month, than to take that final, dissolute step. Maybe we imagine that by the time we reach the furthest edge of slum the ashes will have cooled in the centre, and we will be able to jump the fire, and that those of us who are worthy will be able to return to our old lives. Everything turned charcoal blacks and greys, but intact. Maybe we think that this would be better than leaving, than packing up what little we carry with us when we go, and walking the hundreds of miles or the thousands of miles to new homes, to new streets and walls that are not burning, that may never burn.


Maybe we think that this is all justice, and that every escape will turn the same in time. A flaming brand from the skies for every citizen settled somewhere new. Our unnamed guilt heavy upon us, never to be spoken aloud except in glances that tell our neighbours- it is okay. Everything is okay. We will never leave.


Maybe we are all in hell, and only stay through fear of better things.
