---
layout: post
title: 'Ana'
date: '2014-05-01T00:00:00+01:00'
tags: [fiction, sleepness]
ello_url: https://ello.co/dee/post/vn8wyxyunvsbiqph3mdbbq
---

Ana stands on platform two of Sleepness station. There are only two platforms, and both fulfil the same purpose. Everything past this stop is run to rust and ruin. Sometime in the idyllic past the money ran out to support travel further down the coast. Then those towns dried up, and blew away, like autumn leaves. Like the leaves that choke the rails still hammered into the earth, but slowly coming loose. From the platform you can look both ways and see nothing but flowers and whitewashed wood, and the gleam of well worn steel. You have to walk maybe a mile down the track before the carefully curated image cracks, and crumbles. Ana knows this, because she's walked every inch of that route, all the way back up to Farshore, and the hulking wooden buffer stops that have practically petrified. She's sat on them, run her fingers through the grain, and kicked her heels back and forth in the heads of weeds and the late summer sun.
<!--more-->
She remembers those days, the coming down of evening, and how she used to run, full pelt, back home. She wonders if the ruins of Farshore are still terrifying at night, or if her adulthood will protect her with layers of more pressing, more substantial and familiar fears. The same fears that have come real and left her here, on platform two, with barely enough change in her pocket for the vending machine across the tracks. The red and white machine is new, unremembered, but Sleepness has already started to reject it: Plasticised paint peeling, half empty, glass misted.

It is an odd sort of paralysis that has hold of her. She fans out the town in her mind, running through the shape of it. She has heard that divers do this, before breaking the water, a kind of rehearsed smoothness, a phantom process, all to ease something challenging into familiarity. But she is already familiar with this place. She is already crowded with phantoms and rehearsals, and memory. She is already drowning.

Suddenly, as if summoned straight from the past, Bea is on platform one, directly across from Ana, waving. Ana gasps, shakes a smile onto her face, and grabs her bags. Bea shouts out a hello, and then runs over to the little wooden bridge. Ana had forgotten how fast she is, how careless, but remembers now all the twisted ankles, the bruised toes, the smiles and regret of their entwined childhood. She remembers Celine.

When the two meet, instantly clinched into an awkward embrace at the top of platform two's steps, they both have tears in their eyes.
