---
layout: post
title: 'Celine'
date: '2014-06-01T00:00:00+01:00'
tags: [fiction, sleepness]
ello_url: https://ello.co/dee/post/h2mpexc4aiq1wnrkjhhauq
---

Celine stands by the shore. She is unsure of how she got there, and gazes out at the town across the bay. It is a dizzying constellation of lights atop the cliff. It seems strange, somehow, but she can’t remember why. An early and too-fat moon pushes light down on her from between high clouds and reflects in the waves. Driftwood washes ashore. She stands among those warped and twisted bits of shipwreck and there is a slow and steady realisation that the bleached objects that litter the beach are not wood at all. They are bone. They are fragments of some creature large enough to be a whale. Or maybe it is just wood sanded so smooth that it looks like bone in the moonlight. Her uncertainty grows and ebbs until it matches the tide.
<!--more-->
She’s stood on the beach when Ana comes down to find her. The skies are dark, but there is still enough light on the water, and little enough on the land, that Celine is a shadow against a rough silver sea. Only Celine’s hair moves, a short thatch tangling around her ears in the breeze. Ana thinks about turning away, about the rock in her chest, and what might happen to her if she gets too close to the tide. But she has huffed, or sighed, or scuffed her feet, and now it is Celine’s profile in silhouette. Ana has been seen. Whatever escape she might have imagined has been snapped out of her control, like a forelock in the wind.

‘You took your time.’ Celine’s voice is quiet under the onshore surf, muted even. Ana struggles first to make out the words, and then to reply despite her own unease.

‘I did, I wasn’t sure I was coming.’

There is a moment, a pause, before Celine turns. Ana cannot tell afterwards if she was facing her as she came down the strand, or if she is facing her now. It seems important, but she has no urge to close the distance between them.

‘You’re here now. That’s what matters.’ Celine’s voice has strengthened against the tide, but they are still some yards apart. It feels like Celine is radioactive, like a step or two more will permanently damage every cell in Ana’s body in a nebulous and hard to find way. But in a way that will be lethal, all the same.

‘Are you coming home?’ It’s difficult for Ana to keep the tremor from her voice, and there is no immediate response.

As the water comes nearer, and Ana’s feet slowly sink into an urge to run, she sees the outline of something moving deep out in the water. A shadow against a greater darkness. Celine seems genuinely confused, and she quietens again, almost to a distracted murmur,

‘I am home. It’s you that went away.’

And then, just before she wakes up, Ana remembers that Celine is dead.

That she’s been dead for years.
