---
layout: post
title: 'Beatrice'
date: '2014-09-01T00:00:00+01:00'
tags: [fiction, sleepness]
ello_url: https://ello.co/dee/post/0cnwtwyjudi3xdryvamwyg
---

Beatrice Van Horne is short, and husky, and has limbs that are a little too long for her body. Her hair is always a mess, her teeth a little crooked, her eyebrows a tiny bit wild. She eats everything in her path. She is intelligent and curious and beautiful, and she has a wolf inside of her. It’s been there all her life, even before she really knew what a wolf was. When she was young, one christmas, she watched a costume drama with her parents, and towards the end there was a pack of them chasing two girls in a carriage up a tree lined, snow cloaked avenue, towards a huge, half-lit house. That image, that sequence, has stayed with her. At the time she stared at the tiny television, nose closing on its curved screen, bowing out to meet her, entirely entranced by the rhythm of their run, and she knew then what it was she had in her. Not the girls, but fangs, and fur. That all-consuming drive. To be in motion and entirely owned by it, teeth bared, hair in your own wake. Shoulders almost tangled in each other.
<!--more-->

After years of waking up from running dreams, both before and since that moment, she has learned that you can meet the world with a snarl if it’s stretched out into a smile. It makes the hunger in her eyes come of as enthusiasm, but Bea would eat the sun from the sky if she could. She would tear down mountains and drink seas, she would drag the whole world screaming into her pitch-black pupils and live in the dark that came after, and then she would eat that too. There is a pit, in her. It will never be full. She knows that she can pour the horizon into it instead, that she will never reach it, that the stream is endless, and that if she cannot be complete, she can at least gulp down an infinite thing and never ever run out of that avenue, the trees, all that snow. Rapid feet making hardly a track as they fly through the night, passage silent except for the howl of her limitless desire. For ever, and ever, and ever.
